RUMM-500 Add Tracing documentation, prepare -beta1 (#138)
DataDog/dd-sdk-ios: CONTRIBUTING.md

Many great ideas for new features come from the community, and we'd be happy to consider yours 👍.

To share your idea or request, [open a GitHub Issue](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-ios/issues/new/choose) using dedicated issue template.

## Found a bug?

For any urgent matters (such as outages) or issues concerning the Datadog service or UI, contact our support team via https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/ for direct, faster assistance.

> You may submit a bug report concerning the Datadog SDK for iOS by [opening a GitHub Issue](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-ios/issues/new/choose). Use appropriate template and provide all listed details to let us solve it better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may submit a bug report concerning the Datadog SDK for iOS by [opening a GitHub Issue](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-ios/issues/new/choose). Use appropriate template and provide all listed details to help us resolve the issue.
```
